[DO-584] update reference to corda network (#24)
gevamu/gevamu.github.io: content/1.index.md

# What's Gevamu?

> [Gevamu (from Sinhala: ගෙවමු – *Let’s pay*) Payments Solution](https://gevamu.com/), developed by [Exactpro](https://exactpro.com/) based on [R3 Corda](https://docs.r3.com/en/platform/corda/4.9/enterprise/network/corda-networks.html), is aimed at fund distribution between a payer (the :term[Participant]{term="Participant"}) and a :term[payment service provider]{term="PSP"} (PSP). 

Reviewer: Here was wrong link change. Corda is not the same as Corda Network

```suggestion
[Gevamu (from Sinhala: ගෙවමු – *Let’s pay*) Payments Solution](https://gevamu.com/), developed by [Exactpro](https://exactpro.com/) based on [R3 Corda](https://www.r3.com/products/corda/), is aimed at fund distribution between a payer (the :term[Participant]{term="Participant"}) and a :term[payment service provider]{term="PSP"} (PSP). 
```
